Main Narrative 


The year is 2133 New York stands as the last remaining city of human life. The Once glorious and rich city is now the home to the deadliest virus that wiped out continents. A dark tall hooded man walked up to you and gave you what seems to be a device, a radio. He said " Want to know who you are? Tune in." as he slowly vanished from the bar.

You go home that night, awoken by the sound of stuttering and lights. "Another one of your sleepless nights kid?" *Bzzzt.* You wonder and search for what might be making that noise. " Ya'll won't find me there little man. You wont find me here or anywhere." You then find out its the radio. "Listen I dont have much time so follow my instru..." *Bzzzt* The Transmission got cut off. You turn the knobs, extend the antenna nothing happens. You then realized that maybe its the signal. You then search the city for Radio Towers. Finding one you connect the radio to tower... *Bzzzt*"...ctions. Its gonna be one hell of a journey. Don't let things distract ya! After all this is your story." *Bzzzt* Cut again. Story? My story?


You thought "Another transmission... I need to find another transmission." You searched through the town noticing people doing everyday things after the plague. Children playing in dirty waters, mothers tending to withering crops, fathers desperately begging for change to give food for their children. Just your everyday life in the city. You come in front of the massive gate seperating you and what was New York City. You notice the door open and you decide: Venture outside and seek what is lost? Or continue living trapped. You go outside and see what remains of new york city , the once bustling town of america now surrounded with mold , weeds and broken buildings. You venture forth following the cables on top of you. Its falling dark now you hear something growl and gnaw somewhere behind, and before you can react you see something chasing behind you, you quickly run away
desperately finding somewhere to hide then you see it, a dumpster! You quickly jump inside and peek out noticing that its an infected! You wait until the infected walk away searching of more prey to slaughter. I go out of your hiding spot and just a few blocks away from where you were you notice a Radio Tower. You quickly make your way towards it. *Bzzzt* .... No respond. You try again twisting and turning the knobs on the radio. *Bzzzt* "Oh hey kid sorry about that I kinda got the flu. Ya' know that virus thingy all up in the air and all that. You're probably outside now and still confused all will be revealed soon kid." *Bzzzt*... It cuts. You thought "It seems like the man got the virus. Poor soul. He might not have made it, but all will be revealed soon what does he mean?"

You Venture deeper and deeper in to ,the now destroyed and moldy, New York City. You stumble across a bag, a really old bag, inside you see a note book, written inside it was " Year 2130 I started coughing blood , my fever hasn't gotten down and my eyes are now bloodshot. It seems like I contracted the virus I still need to observe." The rest of the notes all tell about a man suffering with the virus. You thought "Is this the man from the radio? Did he survive? How is he contacting me if he didnt survive?" Rummaging through the notes its all about how we lived with the virus. Who is this man?

Going even deeper in to the ruins , after dodging a few more infected and surviving the ruins you come across a radio tower beside an old shack. The shack look like it has seen better days approaching the radio tower and connecting you radio...*Bzzzzt* "Hey kid *cough* *cough* I think I dont have much time left the infections spreading. Hahaha I always knew you could do it after all you're...*Bzzzt* It cut. You thought "I'am what? What m'I?..." You go inside the shack noticing shrooms and mold covering ever corner, you enter and notice a monitor still turned on and a body sitting in front of it. You see a radio in its hand similar to yours. *Bzzzzt* Your radio springs to life once again "... Me." As the radio said that line the monitor shuts down. You come closer to the body, and as soon as you turn it around, you were overcome with shock when you notice the body was you all along. *Bzzzt* The dead man's radio came to life no words just static. You look at your hands and realize that it's you, it really is you. You take a sit at the chair where your body was closing your eyes in acceptance. *Bzzzt* The radio comes back to life again " Another one of your sleepless nights kid?" Then the radio dies. No sound, no life. Just you.

